ooh you're on a beautiful planet with
unusual nature
around you are ordinary people walking
on this exotic planet
and now get this it's our new home
humanity decided it was time to leave
the earth and now we live
very far away in another galaxy but what
happened to our home planet
well our solar system itself had an
expiration date
it's been seven and a half billion years
since 2020
and the sun began to expand absorbing
planet after planet
mercury venus earth but the living
conditions on earth were unsuitable for
us
long before that let's go back there
in four and a half billion years our
entire milky way galaxy will
experience an incredible incident the
andromeda galaxy will hit us at great
speed
as a result of the collision some stars
will be thrown into distant space
while others will form new solar systems
but most likely
all life in the new milco media or milk
dromeda galaxy
will cease to exist that's why people
decided to pack up their things
get into new generation spacecrafts and
go to distant space
in search of a new home there can be an
infinite number of planets in the
universe on which humans can
theoretically live one of the main
ingredients
the planet must orbit the star in its
habitable zone
this means the temperature must allow
the water to be liquid
we find similar star systems almost
every year
and have recently found the nearest one
it's proxima centauri
there are at least two planets around
this red dwarf on which we can build our
new home
but the problem is that this system is
as far as 4.2
light years away so we had to open our
garage and choose a vehicle that could
take us so far
saturn v is a rocket that used to take
humans to the moon
it could reach the speed 30 times faster
than the speed of sound
today we have more advanced technologies
like the spacex falcon heavy rocket
however its speed is still about the
same it would take such a rocket about
113 000
years to overcome the distance to the
closest star
so you walk through the garage further
and see the fastest human made
space object ever the parker solar probe
its speed is a little less than half a
million miles per hour
but it uses the gravity of the sun to
accelerate
let's assume we can build a rocket that
can reach the speed
now we sit behind a star map do
calculations
draw diagrams and six thousand six
hundred years
and now let's look at the photon these
are the tiniest particles that travel at
the speed of light
and an obvious thought comes to your
mind how do you build a ship that can
travel as fast as a photon
well until recently travel at this speed
was considered impossible
fundamental laws of physics say that no
object that has a mass can accelerate
this much
energy is required to accelerate mass
and to reach the speed of light
which is about 186 000 miles per second
we need an infinite amount of energy but
it's still too slow
raise your eyes and look at the sun it's
so close to us
but the light from it reaches our planet
in eight minutes
about the time it takes to go through
the drive-through and get your burger
and the journey to the nearest star will
take 4.2 years
you can graduate from college during
such a period but we may have found a
way to cheat the laws of physics
and travel faster than light warp drive
it's a technology that manipulates space
and time to break the laws of motion
in science fiction it's a kind of feel
that envelops a spacecraft like a bubble
or
shell and allows it to significantly
exceed the speed of light
and we already have a similar technology
sort of it's the alcubierre warp drive
since it's impossible to move at the
speed of light in normal space-time
the ship must move by compressing the
space in front of it
and expanding it behind it so not only
the ship itself moves
but so does the space-time inside this
bubble
in fact this will allow the spacecraft
to move at any speed
even 10 times faster than the speed of
light
but to warp space-time the ship must be
simply humongous in size
it will need the quantity of energy
comparable to the amount of mass
energy of the whole planet of jupiter
but at recent symposiums scientists
began to say that
there is hope in 2069
nasa plans to launch an interstellar
mission to explore inhabitable planets
outside our solar system we do not yet
know the details of this mission
it doesn't even have a name yet but it
will be dedicated to the 100th
anniversary of the apollo mission
the first man landing on the moon's
surface
here near pasadena california a small
group of scientists from nasa's jet
propulsion lab
are trying their best to make it happen
and their latest calculations have made
everyone shout eureka
it turns out the ring around the ship
which should create the so-called warp
field
shouldn't be perfectly round as it was
thought before
it's more like doughnut shaped this will
greatly simplify the design and
construction
and the best part to test this
technology a spacecraft the size of
voyager 1 probe will suffice
researchers are now aiming to reach at
least 10 percent of the speed of light
and launch the probe to alpha centauri
in this case
to overcome the distance of 4.4 light
years
the probe will need about 44 years for
comparison
the voyager 1 mission was launched on
september 5th 1977
in 43 years it's traveled about 14
billion miles
and is the most remote human-made object
it's also
the loneliest one in the universe it has
long since left the boundaries of our
solar system
and is moving further into outer space
but rest assured scientists have a
couple more ideas in their secret
laboratories
there are rumors now that they know how
to reach the speed of light
the space association is considering
launching small drones powered by lasers
nuclear force as well as collisions of
matter and antimatter
can give enough energy to accelerate an
object to the speed of light too
but their colleagues in a nearby
laboratory are working hard to
implement another technology ion
propulsion
it uses gas particles accelerated by the
electric field
simply put your regular rocket is a
daredevil on the road
he pulls the throttle to the max and
burns an incredible amount of fuel to
accelerate to the speed he needs
but ion propulsion is a careful old lady
driving
she slowly presses the gas pedal and
accelerates
on the scale of space the old lady will
have more efficiency
and will be able to drive much further
than the daring young man
something we'll keep an eye on still
an unknown number of years will pass
until there's a way to implement warp
drive or ion propulsion
we want to make humankind interstellar
but first
we need to keep it alive at least now
we're actively developing technologies
to send the first manned mission to mars
colonization of mars will be the first
stage to make our species
interstellar it'll be a kind of
rehearsal before colonizing distant
planets
we must understand that although the
conditions on the exoplanets may be
close to earthly ones
we will still have to terraform them
we must test our technology on mars to
warm it up to the normal earth
temperature
we also need to increase atmospheric
pressure so that water could exist in a
liquid state
and create an ozone layer that will
protect us from solar radiation
after that we'll be able to breathe
freely on the surface of mars
without spacesuits we need to master all
these technologies before we can create
a real warp drive
centuries ago people sailed the oceans
and perfected their ships to
fully explore our planet now we will be
the generation to build new ships
and go on long journeys outside the
earth
warp drive will open up incredible
horizons for us
take a look at our galaxy there are
countless stars
around each of them may be planets and
on some of them
there may be life warp drive will allow
us to get in contact with this life
and explore our galaxy much faster and
this future is
already close soon we'll have the chance
to join the pioneers
put on beautiful suits and travel the
expanses of space
in search of adventure